term: review usage of "Git workflow" (and "GitOps") (#4007)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/start/index.md

### Data Management

- **[Data and model versioning]** is the base layer of DVC for large files,
  datasets, and machine learning models. Use a standard Git workflow, but

>   without storing large files in the repo (think "Git for data"). Data is stored

Reviewer: Here we could clarify "Specific versions of the data are stored separately..."

Author: Updated, PTAL

### Data Management

- **[Data and model versioning]** is the base layer of DVC for large files,
  datasets, and machine learning models. Use a standard Git workflow, but
  without storing large files in the repo. Data is cached by DVC, allowing for
  efficient sharing. Think "Git for data".

> - **[Data and model access]** covers using data artifacts from outside of the
>   project and/or importing data artifacts from another DVC project. This can
>   help to download a specific version of an ML model to a deployment server or
>   import a model to another project, for example.

Author: Wait. I'm not sure I meant to change this one... Reverting (mostly)

```suggestion
- **[Data and model access]** shows how to bring, explore, and access data
  artifacts from outside the project. This can help download a specific version
  of an ML model to a deployment server or import a dataset tino another
  project, for example.
```
